he will not cry
how not
Y
this morning we left thanks to all the
manny pacquiao's team gives us the
opportunity to run with him
very much condition very much rise
I do not know there is a parameter to run
very well in fact we live like three
miles up part of your life
and apart from that contagion that joy does not
you're running it's very happy going
talking with all his people and has
still time from up there to
so take some pictures with the team and
keep running this is to applaud
all he does is manny pacquiao
yes
ah
and more
Sun
occasionally
I imagine the layer that was at the end
of accounts as if he were as if
we would have gotten up the ring do you have
to imagine a certain transversal I
always high rival in it possibly
that is going to be the one that is going to be me
so then if you're practically
you are imagining that you are above the
ring with your rival in the wait if he
maybe be able to change and be able to use
a lot of speed